Take off the princess' clothes
Hey what did you say
Heal the disease
What are you taking off?
How can I get an injection without taking off my clothes?
Panic
3 House, do you still have a conscience?
Strict election is coming soon
You still have these two books to insult him
Go you go
Oops, what can't die? It's a minor illness.
I promise to make it within half an hour.
Princess, no, I killed myself on the spot
What are you still doing?
It's just that the clothes are off.
All right.
Humiliating Sven
How can Sven save lives?
Half of Stone City Monarch if not
The old man can ask you and hum it.
How is medicine?
Give up a lot
Impossible tetanus
Terminally ill
No one has ever cured
How did it go?
Medical saint peerless medical saint